(upbeat music)
♪ I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ Oh, I'm in the jungle now ♪
♪ You've been seekin',
I've been hidin' out ♪
♪ Use your love, it
scares me so deep down ♪
♪ You may find me 'cause my
heart beats loud, so loud ♪
♪ It beats fast in the places
where you touched me last ♪
♪ I can feel the burn my skin it has ♪
♪ But the return of your
beloved hands, hands ♪
♪ I have lost control ♪
♪ I paddle, but you're too strong ♪
♪ But I gotta trust your flow ♪
♪ 'Cause boy, I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ Waterfall ♪
♪ Oh, I've lost control ♪
♪ And babe, it's a relief to know ♪
♪ I got you keeping me afloat ♪
♪ When I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ Baby, you're my oxygen ♪
♪ When I cannot find my way on Earth ♪
♪ You know I can be when I hold on ♪
♪ Even when the rapid's strong ♪
♪ I lost control ♪
♪ I paddle, but you're too strong ♪
♪ But I gotta trust your flow ♪
♪ 'Cause babe, I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ Waterfall ♪
♪ But I've lost control ♪
♪ Lost control ♪
♪ And babe, it's a relief to know ♪
♪ I got you keeping me afloat ♪
♪ When I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Waterfall ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Waterfall ♪
♪ I have lost control ♪
♪ I paddle, but you're too strong ♪
♪ But I gotta trust your flow ♪
♪ 'Cause boy, I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Oh, I've lost control ♪
♪ I've lost control ♪
♪ And babe, it's a relief to know ♪
♪ I got you keeping me afloat ♪
♪ When I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ I'm in your waterfall ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪